Fix #9959: Update FAQ, with tweaks suggested by Grammarly (#9960)
pylint-dev/pylint: doc/faq.rst

You can see the plugin you need to explicitly :ref:`load in the technical reference
<user_guide/checkers/extensions:optional checkers>`.

> I want to use run pylint automatically in my IDE. How do I do that?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I want to run pylint on each keystroke in my IDE. How do I do that?
```
Automatically is not a problem, each keystroke though is.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pylint will never be fast enough to run on every keystroke.

> However, IDEs could run pylint automatically *in the background*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, IDEs could run pylint automatically on the single file you're working on or in the background
```

> when the IDE saves changed Python files. Contact your IDE with a support request :-)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should link to the vs code plugin, they've already added a lot of tooling for this.

Author: @jacobtylerwalls Good idea. I'll update the PR later today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when the IDE saves changed Python files.
```
Some IDE do it already, some do not and might not like the influx of requests, let's remove the advice.

You can see the plugin you need to explicitly :ref:`load in the technical reference
<user_guide/checkers/extensions:optional checkers>`.

> I want to run pylint on each keystroke in my IDE. How do I do that?
> ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I want to run pylint on each keystroke in my IDE. How do I do that?
---------------------------------------------------------------------
```

> Pylint will never be fast enough to run on every keystroke.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pylint full suite of checks will never be fast enough to run on every keystroke.
```
